Add invalid Git information troubleshooting (#37214)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/troubleshooting/_index.md

The following GitHub Actions workflow can report mismatched Git metadata:

```yaml
name: test
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  test:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          # GITHUB_SHA still points to the pull request merge commit.
          # The local checkout points to the pull request head commit.
          ref: ${{ github.event.pull_request.head.sha }}
      - run: npm test
        # git.commit.sha can come from GITHUB_SHA.
        # git.commit.message can come from the local Git checkout.
```

The following GitLab CI/CD job can create a similar mismatch:

```yaml
test:
  variables:
    # CI_COMMIT_SHA still points to the commit that created the pipeline.
    # The runner does not update the working tree automatically.
    GIT_CHECKOUT: "false"
  script:
    - git fetch origin "$CUSTOM_REF"
    # The local checkout points to CUSTOM_REF before tests run.
    - git checkout "$CUSTOM_REF"
    - npm test
    # git.commit.sha can come from CI_COMMIT_SHA.
    # Other git.* tags can come from the local Git checkout.
```

> To report consistent metadata, set the relevant [`DD_GIT_*` environment variables][24] explicitly before running tests. These variables take precedence over CI provider variables and local Git metadata. Set them to the commit metadata that you want Datadog to report, such as the commit that triggered the job or a custom commit checked out during the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report consistent metadata, set the relevant [`DD_GIT_*` environment variables](#data-appears-in-test-runs-but-not-test-health) explicitly before running tests. These variables take precedence over CI provider variables and local Git metadata. Set them to the commit metadata that you want Datadog to report, such as the commit that triggered the job or a custom commit checked out during the job.
```

[16]: /tests/network/
[17]: https://vitest.dev/config/isolate
[18]: https://github.com/nodejs/import-in-the-middle
[19]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflows-and-actions/variables#default-environment-variables
[20]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ci/variables/predefined_variables/
[21]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflows-and-actions/events-that-trigger-workflows#pull_request
[22]: https://github.com/actions/checkout#usage
[23]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ci/runners/configure_runners/#git-checkout

> [24]: #data-appears-in-test-runs-but-not-test-health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
